feat: Add GitLab CE scanning (#48)
punk-security/secret-magpie-cli: README.md

```

> docker -v /localpath:/app/results run ... blah ... --out results/results

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker -v /localpath:/app/results run punksecurity/secret-magpie <other options> --out results/results
```

```
# Passing certificates to Docker
If you're running our tool inside Docker, you may find you need to pass in CA certificates from the host.

This can be achieved using the following command

```

> docker -v /path/to/your/certificates:/usr/local/share/ca-certificates/ run ... blah ... --update-ca-certificates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker -v /path/to/your/certificates:/usr/local/share/ca-certificates/ run punksecurity/secret-magpie <other options> --update-ca-certificates
```
